README.md, before:

# Binary Chords

An 8-key chording binary keyboard. Because why not?

Type like piano-chords to enter binary values that represent characters in the ASCII table.

For CircuitPython on a Raspberry Pi Pico 2 W
Requires Adafruit_HID: https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_CircuitPython_HID/

![Binary Chords](https://github.com/obsoletenerd/binary-chords/blob/main/BinaryChords.jpg)

![Binary Chords Wiring](https://github.com/obsoletenerd/binary-chords/blob/main/BinaryChordsWiring.jpg)

## Reference Table

| Binary   | Decimal | ASCII | Description |
|----------|---------|-------|-------------|
| 0010-0000 | 32 |   | Space |
| 0010-0001 | 33 | ! | Exclamation mark |
| 0010-0010 | 34 | " | Double quote |
| 0010-0011 | 35 | # | Hash |
| 0010-0100 | 36 | $ | Dollar |
| 0010-0101 | 37 | % | Percent |
| 0010-0110 | 38 | & | Ampersand |
| 0010-0111 | 39 | ' | Single quote |
| 0010-1000 | 40 | ( | Left parenthesis |
| 0010-1001 | 41 | ) | Right parenthesis |
| 0010-1010 | 42 | * | Asterisk |
| 0010-1011 | 43 | + | Plus |
| 0010-1100 | 44 | , | Comma |
| 0010-1101 | 45 | - | Minus |
| 0010-1110 | 46 | . | Period |
| 0010-1111 | 47 | / | Forward slash |
| 0011-0000 | 48 | 0 | Zero |
| 0011-0001 | 49 | 1 | One |
| 0011-0010 | 50 | 2 | Two |
| 0011-0011 | 51 | 3 | Three |
| 0011-0100 | 52 | 4 | Four |
| 0011-0101 | 53 | 5 | Five |
| 0011-0110 | 54 | 6 | Six |
| 0011-0111 | 55 | 7 | Seven |
| 0011-1000 | 56 | 8 | Eight |
| 0011-1001 | 57 | 9 | Nine |
| 0011-1010 | 58 | : | Colon |
| 0011-1011 | 59 | ; | Semicolon |
| 0011-1100 | 60 | < | Less than |
| 0011-1101 | 61 | = | Equals |
| 0011-1110 | 62 | > | Greater than |
| 0011-1111 | 63 | ? | Question mark |
| 0100-0000 | 64 | @ | At symbol |
| 0100-0001 | 65 | A | Uppercase A |
| 0100-0010 | 66 | B | Uppercase B |
| 0100-0011 | 67 | C | Uppercase C |
| 0100-0100 | 68 | D | Uppercase D |
| 0100-0101 | 69 | E | Uppercase E |
| 0100-0110 | 70 | F | Uppercase F |
| 0100-0111 | 71 | G | Uppercase G |
| 0100-1000 | 72 | H | Uppercase H |
| 0100-1001 | 73 | I | Uppercase I |!
| 0100-1010 | 74 | J | Uppercase J |
| 0100-1011 | 75 | K | Uppercase K |
| 0100-1100 | 76 | L | Uppercase L |
| 0100-1101 | 77 | M | Uppercase M |
| 0100-1110 | 78 | N | Uppercase N |
| 0100-1111 | 79 | O | Uppercase O |
| 0101-0000 | 80 | P | Uppercase P |
| 0101-0001 | 81 | Q | Uppercase Q |
| 0101-0010 | 82 | R | Uppercase R |
| 0101-0011 | 83 | S | Uppercase S |
| 0101-0100 | 84 | T | Uppercase T |
| 0101-0101 | 85 | U | Uppercase U |
| 0101-0110 | 86 | V | Uppercase V |
| 0101-0111 | 87 | W | Uppercase W |
| 0101-1000 | 88 | X | Uppercase X |
| 0101-1001 | 89 | Y | Uppercase Y |
| 0101-1010 | 90 | Z | Uppercase Z |
| 0101-1011 | 91 | [ | Left bracket |
| 0101-1100 | 92 | \ | Backslash |
| 0101-1101 | 93 | ] | Right bracket |
| 0101-1110 | 94 | ^ | Caret |
| 0101-1111 | 95 | _ | Underscore |
| 0110-0000 | 96 | ` | Grave accent |
| 0110-0001 | 97 | a | Lowercase a |
| 0110-0010 | 98 | b | Lowercase b |
| 0110-0011 | 99 | c | Lowercase c |
| 0110-0100 | 100 | d | Lowercase d |
| 0110-0101 | 101 | e | Lowercase e |
| 0110-0110 | 102 | f | Lowercase f |
| 0110-0111 | 103 | g | Lowercase g |
| 0110-1000 | 104 | h | Lowercase h |
| 0110-1001 | 105 | i | Lowercase i |
| 0110-1010 | 106 | j | Lowercase j |
| 0110-1011 | 107 | k | Lowercase k |
| 0110-1100 | 108 | l | Lowercase l |
| 0110-1101 | 109 | m | Lowercase m |
| 0110-1110 | 110 | n | Lowercase n |
| 0110-1111 | 111 | o | Lowercase o |
| 0111-0000 | 112 | p | Lowercase p |
| 0111-0001 | 113 | q | Lowercase q |
| 0111-0010 | 114 | r | Lowercase r |
| 0111-0011 | 115 | s | Lowercase s |
| 0111-0100 | 116 | t | Lowercase t |
| 0111-0101 | 117 | u | Lowercase u |
| 0111-0110 | 118 | v | Lowercase v |
| 0111-0111 | 119 | w | Lowercase w |
| 0111-1000 | 120 | x | Lowercase x |
| 0111-1001 | 121 | y | Lowercase y |
| 0111-1010 | 122 | z | Lowercase z |
| 0111-1011 | 123 | { | Left brace |
| 0111-1100 | 124 | | | Vertical bar |
| 0111-1101 | 125 | } | Right brace |
| 0111-1110 | 126 | ~ | Tilde |
| 0111-1111 | 127 | DEL | Delete |

## Prototype

Based on this prototype I made for a joke at [my local hackerspace](https://www.ballarathackerspace.org.au):

![Binary Chords Prototype](https://github.com/obsoletenerd/binary-chords/blob/main/BinaryChordsPrototype.jpg)

Commit message:

Added the Binary Chords game

README.md, after:

# Binary Chords

An 8-key chording binary keyboard. Because why not?

Type like piano-chords to enter binary values that represent characters in the ASCII table.

Made using CircuitPython on a Raspberry Pi Pico 2 W.
Requires Adafruit_HID: https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_CircuitPython_HID/

![Binary Chords](https://github.com/obsoletenerd/binary-chords/blob/main/BinaryChords.jpg)

![Binary Chords Wiring](https://github.com/obsoletenerd/binary-chords/blob/main/BinaryChordsWiring.jpg)

## Binary Chords - The Game

I made a small PyGame game in the "Binary Chords Game" folder that lets you use your normal keyboard (ASDF/HJKL) to practice doing the binary chords while you wait for your Binary Chords keyboard chassis to print.

![Binary Chords - The Game](https://github.com/obsoletenerd/binary-chords/blob/main/BinaryChordsTheGame.png)


... I officially think this joke has gotten out of control now.

... ... VR version next?

## Reference Table

| Binary   | Decimal | ASCII | Description |
|----------|---------|-------|-------------|
| 0010-0000 | 32 |   | Space |
| 0010-0001 | 33 | ! | Exclamation mark |
| 0010-0010 | 34 | " | Double quote |
| 0010-0011 | 35 | # | Hash |
| 0010-0100 | 36 | $ | Dollar |
| 0010-0101 | 37 | % | Percent |
| 0010-0110 | 38 | & | Ampersand |
| 0010-0111 | 39 | ' | Single quote |
| 0010-1000 | 40 | ( | Left parenthesis |
| 0010-1001 | 41 | ) | Right parenthesis |
| 0010-1010 | 42 | * | Asterisk |
| 0010-1011 | 43 | + | Plus |
| 0010-1100 | 44 | , | Comma |
| 0010-1101 | 45 | - | Minus |
| 0010-1110 | 46 | . | Period |
| 0010-1111 | 47 | / | Forward slash |
| 0011-0000 | 48 | 0 | Zero |
| 0011-0001 | 49 | 1 | One |
| 0011-0010 | 50 | 2 | Two |
| 0011-0011 | 51 | 3 | Three |
| 0011-0100 | 52 | 4 | Four |
| 0011-0101 | 53 | 5 | Five |
| 0011-0110 | 54 | 6 | Six |
| 0011-0111 | 55 | 7 | Seven |
| 0011-1000 | 56 | 8 | Eight |
| 0011-1001 | 57 | 9 | Nine |
| 0011-1010 | 58 | : | Colon |
| 0011-1011 | 59 | ; | Semicolon |
| 0011-1100 | 60 | < | Less than |
| 0011-1101 | 61 | = | Equals |
| 0011-1110 | 62 | > | Greater than |
| 0011-1111 | 63 | ? | Question mark |
| 0100-0000 | 64 | @ | At symbol |
| 0100-0001 | 65 | A | Uppercase A |
| 0100-0010 | 66 | B | Uppercase B |
| 0100-0011 | 67 | C | Uppercase C |
| 0100-0100 | 68 | D | Uppercase D |
| 0100-0101 | 69 | E | Uppercase E |
| 0100-0110 | 70 | F | Uppercase F |
| 0100-0111 | 71 | G | Uppercase G |
| 0100-1000 | 72 | H | Uppercase H |
| 0100-1001 | 73 | I | Uppercase I |!
| 0100-1010 | 74 | J | Uppercase J |
| 0100-1011 | 75 | K | Uppercase K |
| 0100-1100 | 76 | L | Uppercase L |
| 0100-1101 | 77 | M | Uppercase M |
| 0100-1110 | 78 | N | Uppercase N |
| 0100-1111 | 79 | O | Uppercase O |
| 0101-0000 | 80 | P | Uppercase P |
| 0101-0001 | 81 | Q | Uppercase Q |
| 0101-0010 | 82 | R | Uppercase R |
| 0101-0011 | 83 | S | Uppercase S |
| 0101-0100 | 84 | T | Uppercase T |
| 0101-0101 | 85 | U | Uppercase U |
| 0101-0110 | 86 | V | Uppercase V |
| 0101-0111 | 87 | W | Uppercase W |
| 0101-1000 | 88 | X | Uppercase X |
| 0101-1001 | 89 | Y | Uppercase Y |
| 0101-1010 | 90 | Z | Uppercase Z |
| 0101-1011 | 91 | [ | Left bracket |
| 0101-1100 | 92 | \ | Backslash |
| 0101-1101 | 93 | ] | Right bracket |
| 0101-1110 | 94 | ^ | Caret |
| 0101-1111 | 95 | _ | Underscore |
| 0110-0000 | 96 | ` | Grave accent |
| 0110-0001 | 97 | a | Lowercase a |
| 0110-0010 | 98 | b | Lowercase b |
| 0110-0011 | 99 | c | Lowercase c |
| 0110-0100 | 100 | d | Lowercase d |
| 0110-0101 | 101 | e | Lowercase e |
| 0110-0110 | 102 | f | Lowercase f |
| 0110-0111 | 103 | g | Lowercase g |
| 0110-1000 | 104 | h | Lowercase h |
| 0110-1001 | 105 | i | Lowercase i |
| 0110-1010 | 106 | j | Lowercase j |
| 0110-1011 | 107 | k | Lowercase k |
| 0110-1100 | 108 | l | Lowercase l |
| 0110-1101 | 109 | m | Lowercase m |
| 0110-1110 | 110 | n | Lowercase n |
| 0110-1111 | 111 | o | Lowercase o |
| 0111-0000 | 112 | p | Lowercase p |
| 0111-0001 | 113 | q | Lowercase q |
| 0111-0010 | 114 | r | Lowercase r |
| 0111-0011 | 115 | s | Lowercase s |
| 0111-0100 | 116 | t | Lowercase t |
| 0111-0101 | 117 | u | Lowercase u |
| 0111-0110 | 118 | v | Lowercase v |
| 0111-0111 | 119 | w | Lowercase w |
| 0111-1000 | 120 | x | Lowercase x |
| 0111-1001 | 121 | y | Lowercase y |
| 0111-1010 | 122 | z | Lowercase z |
| 0111-1011 | 123 | { | Left brace |
| 0111-1100 | 124 | | | Vertical bar |
| 0111-1101 | 125 | } | Right brace |
| 0111-1110 | 126 | ~ | Tilde |
| 0111-1111 | 127 | DEL | Delete |

## Prototype

Based on this prototype I made for a joke at [my local hackerspace](https://www.ballarathackerspace.org.au):

![Binary Chords Prototype](https://github.com/obsoletenerd/binary-chords/blob/main/BinaryChordsPrototype.jpg)
